feat: update the exposed hardfork API to match Hardhat's definition (#1645)
NomicFoundation/edr: .changeset/wise-falcons-relate.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/edr": minor
---

> Renamed the hardfork name strings to match Hardhat's definitions: names are now camelCase (e.g. `"byzantium"`, `"muirGlacier"`, `"bedrock"`). `l1HardforkToString`/`opHardforkToString` return the new names, and `l1HardforkFromString`/`opHardforkFromString` and provider configs accept only them — passing an old-style name (e.g. `"Byzantium"`) fails.

Author: addressed by [d43c58a](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/edr/pull/1645/commits/d43c58a02e2c47342e7ad34ca20a32f4a14afb4c)

> Renamed the hardfork name strings to match Hardhat's definitions: names are now camelCase (e.g. `"byzantium"`, `"muirGlacier"`, `"bedrock"`). `l1HardforkToString`/`opHardforkToString` return the new names, and `l1HardforkFromString`/`opHardforkFromString` and provider configs accept only them — passing an old-style name (e.g. `"Byzantium"`) fails.

Reviewer: Suggestion: match changelog terminology "Added/Removed/Changed [..]"

```suggestion
- Changed the hardfork name strings to match Hardhat's definitions: names are now camelCase (e.g. `"byzantium"`, `"muirGlacier"`, `"bedrock"`). `l1HardforkToString`/`opHardforkToString` return the new names, and `l1HardforkFromString`/`opHardforkFromString` and provider configs accept only them — passing an old-style name (e.g. `"Byzantium"`) fails.
```

> The exported hardfork name string constants (`BYZANTIUM`, …, `AMSTERDAM` and `BEDROCK`, …, `ISTHMUS`) were removed; convert from the enum instead, e.g. replace `OSAKA` with `l1HardforkToString(L1Hardfork.Osaka)`. (Note that `L1Hardfork` is a numeric enum, so `L1Hardfork.Osaka.toString()` yields `"19"`, not the name.)

Reviewer: Suggestion: conform to changelog verbiage:

```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed hardfork name string constants (`BYZANTIUM`, …, `AMSTERDAM` and `BEDROCK`, …, `ISTHMUS`). Instead, obtain them using `l1HardforkToString` (e.g. replace `OSAKA` with `l1HardforkToString(L1Hardfork.Osaka)`).
```
